# Talk Code
Talk with Gemini 1.5 about your repo in seconds.

## Overview
This script fetches and formats information from a specified GitHub repository, including its directory structure and the contents of select files. The script requires a GitHub personal access token to authenticate API requests and outputs the information into a text file.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.6 or later
- `pip` for installing Python packages
- Access to a GitHub account to generate a personal access token

## Setup

### 1. Install Required Packages
Before running the script, you need to install the required Python packages. You can install these using `pip`:

```bash
pip install requests python-dotenv streamlit google.generativeai
```

### 2. GitHub Personal Access Token

You will need a GitHub personal access token with the appropriate permissions to fetch repository data. Follow these steps to generate a token:

-   Log in to your GitHub account.
-   Navigate to  **Settings**  >  **Developer settings**  >  **Personal access tokens**.
-   Click on  **Generate new token**.
-   Select the scopes or permissions you'd like to grant this token (e.g.,  `repo`  for full control of private repositories).
-   Click  **Generate token**  at the bottom of the page.
-   **Important:**  Copy your new personal access token. You won’t be able to see it again!


### 3. Create  `.env`  File

Create a  `.env`  file in the same directory as your script with the following content:

`GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=your_token_here
GOOGLE_AI_STUDIO_API_KEY=your_api_key_here`

Replace  `your_token_here`  with your GitHub personal access token and  `your_api_key_here`  with your Google AI Studio API key.


## Running the Script

###  Command Line Interface (CLI)

To run the script in the command line, use the following command:

`python export.py https://github.com/your/repo`

Replace  `export.py`  with the name of your Python script file, and  `https://github.com/your/repo`  with the GitHub repository URL you want to analyze.

The script will generate a text file named  `*-formatted-prompt.txt`  (where  `*`  is the repository name) containing the repository information.

### Graphical Interface (Streamlit App)

To run the script in a graphical interface using Streamlit, follow these steps:

1.  Run the following command to install Streamlit:

`pip install streamlit`

2.  Run the following command to start the app:

`streamlit run chat.py`

3.  Enter the GitHub repository URL that you want to analyze in the text input field.

4.  Click "Ask a question about your repo" and type your question in the chat box.


The app will display the repository information and the responses generated by Gemini, a language AI model from Google.